12_PAS ON Software Defined Networking
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. What is Software Defined Networking (SDN)?
Ans: Software-Defined Networking is an architectural approach to networking that aims to make network infrastructure more flexible, programmable and responsive to changing requirement and conditions. 
2. What are Computer Networking Planes?
Ans: Computer networking planes refer to the conceptual division within a computer network architecture that organize and handle different aspects of network functionality.
3. What is Data Plane?
Ans: The Data plane, also known as the forwarding or user plane, is a component in computer networking that deals with the actual forwarding of data packets within a network.        
4. What is Control Plane?
Ans: The control plane is critical component of computer networking that handles the high-level decision-making processes involved in managing and controlling the flow of data within a network.        
5. What is Management Plane?
Ans: The management plane is fundamental component of computer networking that is  responsible for the administration,configuration,monitoring and maintenance of network devices and resources.         
6. What is Software Defined Networking Controller (SDN Controller)?
Ans: A Software-Defined Networking controller is a central component is an SDN architecture that acts as a powerful orchestration and management platform for software-defined networks.  
7. What is Distributed Control Planes?
Ans: A Distributed Control Plane refers to network architecture where control plane functions are decentralized actress multiple network devices or nodes.         
8. What is Controller-Based Networking?
Ans: Controller-Based Networking refers to a networking architecture in which devices, such as switches and access points, are managed and controlled by a centralized software controller.        
9. What is a Routed Port?
Ans: A routed port is a network port on a networking device such as a router or a layer 3 switch hata is specifically configured to operate as a port belonging to a specific IP subnet or network segment. 
10. What is OpenFlow?
Ans: OpenFlow is communicatio protocol and framework that is designed to enable the programmability and dynamic control of network switches and routers.