DV129_10_PAS ON Common Network Ports
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. What is Port 20 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 20 is for data transfer.
2. What is Port 21 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 21 used for control data transfer.
3. What is FTP (File Transfer Protocol)?
Ans: This is a protocol that transfers files from one device to another.there are two port numbers used by FTP. one is TCP port 20 and TCP port 21.
4. What is Port 22 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 22 ia associated with the secure shell protocol it provides a secure and encrypted way to access and manage devices remotely over a potentially unsecured network. 
5. What is SSH (Secure Shell)?
Ans: SSH can access and manage devices remotely over a potentially unsecured network. 
6. What is Port 23 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 23 associated with the telnet protocol it provides a text -based interface for remotely accessing and managing devices over a network.
7. What is Telnet?
Ans: Telnet is a network protocol and application that allows users to remotely access and manage device over a network. 
8. What is Port 25 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 25 is traditionally associated with the simple mail transfer protocol. used for sending and relaying email message between servers on a network.
9. What is Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)?
Ans: IT widely used network protocol for sending and relaying email messages between servers on a network  
10. What is Port 53 (UDP)?
Ans: Port53 (UDP) port number used in networking to identify a specific communication endpoint within a device. in the context of networking, ports allow multiple application to share a single IP address by designating different ports for different services.
11. What is DNS (Domain Name System)?
Ans:  DNS that provides that resolution between a name that we’re typing in on the browser and the IP address that will be used for the actual communication.
12. What is Port 80 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 80 is associated with the hypertext transfer protocol. HTTP is the foundation of data communication on the world wide web. 
13. What is Port 443 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 443 is commonly associated with the Hypertext Transfer protocol secure. HTTPS is a secure version of the HTTP protocol used for secure communication over the internet.
14. What is HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol)?
Ans:  HTTP is the hypertext transfer protocol, and this is the common protocol used by our browsers to communicate to web servers
15. What is HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure)?
Ans: HTTPS, is secure version of HTTP used for communication between a web browser and a web server. 
16. Port 110 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 110 is associated with post office protocol version 3 and used for retrieving email messages from a mail server to a local email client. it allows user to download their email messages from the server to their device where they can be stored , read, and managed. 
17. What is Port 143 (TCP)?
Ans: Port 143 is traditionally associated with the internet message access protocol is used for retrieving and managing email messages stored on a mail server. 
18. POP and IMAP?
19. What is POP3 (Post Office Protocol version 3)?
Ans:   POP3 was designed to retrieve email messages to an email client, but it wasn’t built for multiple email clients.
20. What is IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol)?
Ans: IMAP is a network protocol used for accessing and managing email message stored on mail server.