DV129
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. What does LCD stand for?
Ans Liquid crystal display


2. What is the disadvantage of LCD?
Ans  Light source in the back has to shine through to provide the color, which means getting a true black can be quite difficult on LCD.
3. What are three different technologies of liquid crystal displays?
Ans Twisted Nematic LCD, In-plane switching IPS LCD, Vertical alignment                LCD.
4. If you’re looking for the best possible color representation on an LCD display, you’ll want to use?
Ans The IPS LCD (In-plane switching). This gives you a very good color representation.
5. If you’re looking for the best possible response you’ll want to?
Ans  Twisted Nematic LCD.


6.  If you’re a gamer or using some application that has fast moving graphics, what type of LCD should you use?
Ans TN (Twisted Nematic) LCD


7. What LCD gives you very good color representation, which is great for using graphics or doing some type of desktop publishing?
Ans IPS LCD


8. What does TN LCD stand for?
 Ans Twisted Nematic Liquid Crystal Display.


9. What does IPS LCD stand for?
Ans In-Plane Switching Liquid Crystal Display. 


10. What does VA display stand for?
Ans  Vertical Alignment Display. 


11.  What is the newest from of display?
Ans The OLED Display


12.  What does OLED stand for?
Ans Organic Light Display


13.  OLED has a backlight. True or False?
Ans False


14.  In older laptops, you may find that the backlight that it’s using is.
Ans  The backlight technology used is CCFL


15.  Newer LCD displays might use what type of lights instead of using a fluorescent lamp?
Ans  Newer LCD Display use LED (Light emitting Diode) light


16.  What component in your device may only allow for stylus input, or it might also provide input using a touch screen?
Ans  Digitizer 


17.  What type of display does not have liquid crystals?
Ans OLED does not have liquid crystals.


18.  Why are OLEDs so thin?
Ans  OLED  are thin because they do not require a separate backlight layer like traditional LCD panels


19.  In OLED displays, you need glass on the front screen to protect it? True or False?
Ans FALSE


20.  How does OLED work?
Ans OLED work on the organic material that’s able to create its own light when you provide it with power