DV129_18_SAS ON DHCP Configuration
Possible-Assessment Sheet
* What is an IP Scope?
Ans: An IP scope also known as an IP address range or subnet refers to a specific range of IP addresses that are available for allocation within a network.  
*  How do you exclude certain IP addresses?
Ans: Excluding certain IP addresses from an IP scope is often done to reserve specific addresses for particular purposes or to prevent them from being assigned to devices.
* What is a Scope of a subnet?
Ans: In networking a scope of a subnet generally refers to the range of IP addresses that are allocated for use within a specific subnet. 
* What is address leases within a scope?
Ans: In the context of networking and DHCP an address lease refers to the temporary assignment of an IP address to a client device from a DHCP server within a specific IP address scope. 
*  What are reservations within a scope?
Ans: Reservation within a scope refer to specific IP addresses that are set aside by a DHCP server to be assigned to particular devices based on their unique MAC addresses.
*  What are Scope options?
Ans: Scope option are additional configuration setting that a DHCP server can provide to client devices along with IP address assignment. 
Subnet Mask.




*  What is a dynamic assignment?
Ans:  Dynamic assignment refers to the process of automatically allocating IP addresses to devices on a network using protocols like DHCP.
*  What happens after the lease period has timed out?
Ans: And after your lease period has timed out, those addresses will be available for another person who connects to the network.
* What is address reservation?
Ans: Address reservation refers to the process of assigning a specific IP address to a network device based on its unique hardware identifier known as the MAC address.
* What is a DHCP lease?
Ans:  DHCP lease is a temporary assignment of an IP address and related network configuration information from a DHCP server to a client device.        
* What is automatic assignment?
Ans: Automatic assignment is the process of assigning IP addresses to device on network without manual intervention. 
* What is the amount of time on a lease?
Ans: We saw on my DHCP server the lease times are 24 hours
* What is the T1 timer?
Ans: The T1 timer is set to a fracton of the total lw=ease duration. It typically represent the time when a client device should start attempting to renew its DHCP lease with the DHCP server. 
   * What is the T2 timer?
Ans: The T2 timer also known as the rebinding Time Value or Rebinding Timer is a concept within the DHCP lease management process.
    Timer that rebinds with any DHCP server at 87.5% of the lease time when the original DHCP server is down


________________


Asif khan DV-500 Day-3 SLV-18 Q&A DHCP Configuration
Q1. What are DHCP scope properties?
A. A DHCP scope is a valid range of IP addresses that are available for assignment or lease to
client computers on a particular subnet. In a DHCP server, a scope is configured to determine
the address pool of IPs that the server can provide to DHCP clients. Scopes determine which IP
addresses are provided to the clients.
Q2. What are DHCP pools?
A. Address pool is a set of Internet Protocol addresses available for allocation to users, such as
in host configurations with the DHCP. An address-assignment pool can support either IPv4
address or IPv6 addresses. You cannot use the same pool for both types of address.
Q3. What is DHCP address assignment?
A. The assignment of IP addresses happens dynamically within a given address range. As a
result, a device connected to the network doesn't have a forever address. The IP address can
periodically change as its lease time expires unless the lease is successfully renewed.
Q4. What is DHCP address allocation?
A. DHCP assigns an IP address from a pool of addresses for a limited period of time chosen by
the server, or until the client tells the DHCP server that it no longer needs the address.
Q5. What is dhcp address reservation?
A. When you use DHCP IP reservation, you're telling your Wi-Fi network to assign the same IP
address to a specific device whenever that device connects to your network.
Q6. What is dhcp address lease time?
A. When DHCP sends configuration information to a client, the information is sent with a lease
time. This is the length of time that the client can use the IP address it has been assigned. The
duration of the lease time can be changed according to your specific requirement.


Q7. What is DHCP address renewal time?
A. Generally, the recommended time to lease an IP address is 48 hours to renew the IP address
once a day. After applying the specified parameters, clients will receive an IP address for 1
minute, after which they will send a request to the DHCP server for a new IP address every 30
seconds.