DS129_PAS Mobile Device Accessories
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. If you are someone who takes your laptop back and forth between work and home, what’s a good solution for you to minimize all the plugging and unplugging of cables used for devices such as printers, keyboards, etc.?
Ans  Docking Station


2. What does TRRS stand for? 
Ans Tip-Ring-Ring-Sleeve 


3. What is one of the challenges our mobile phones and tablets have with speakers that are built in?
Ans: They are very small, so you must connect an external speaker


4. What are the functions of a stylus?
Ans It allows you to manipulate and activate these devices without physically touching the screen with your hand


5. Can you disable the mouse trackpad on your laptop while using an external mouse?
Ans Yes, you can usually disable the built-in mouse trackpad.


6. If you need to perform very precise functions or be able to do something very specific on the screen, you may want to try using?
Ans You can try using an active stylus.


7. If you’re an artist or someone who wants to perform more precise work on a tablet, you may want to try using an?
Ans Stylus


8. A digital stylus provides you with more functionality and more precise usability than something like a capacitive touch pen. True or False?
Ans  True.


9. The stylus is not able to communicate independently with the device that’s being used if those two devices are not touching each other. True or False?
Ans True
 
10.  If you’re using an Apple iPad, you would need to use what type of pen?
Ans Apple pencil.


11.  Using an active stylus you can see as the user is writing on the screen and they apply a little more pressure, then you can see that the difference in the line width changes. True or False?
Ans True


12.  What if you’re using a computer that doesn’t have any type of capacitive display or any type of active touchscreen that you can interact with?
Ans external drawing pad 


13.  Do laptops include an external mouse?
Ans No, it has its own trackpad 


14.  Can you add an external keyboard and mouse on a Mac?
Ans  Yes


15.  Can you customize exactly the way the trackpad works on your system?
      Ans Yes, you can often customize the way the trackpad works on your system
16.  What does TRRS do?
Ans This is an analog audio jack that takes the information you’re talking into your microphone or audio that you need to hear and sends it through the copper connection that’s plugged into this device


17.  If you’re an Apple user, you may not have the option of a USB or a 3- and 1/2-millimeter audio connection. True or False?
Ans True


18.  What port does apple have?
Ans lightning port


19.  What’s one alternative method an apple user can connect to headphones without the 3.5 mm jack?
Ans Bluetooth headset


20.  If you like a simpler form of connecting and disconnecting your laptop, you may want to use something like?
      Ans Docking station.