DS129_PAS On Mobile Device Connectivity
Self-Assessment Sheet


1.  Connecting an external device to your tablet or your mobile phone wirelessly you would use what method of pairing?
Ans  Bluetooth pairing.


2. Do you have to go through the pairing process every time when using Bluetooth?
Ans NO, you do not have to go through the pairing process every time when using Bluetooth for the same devices. 


3. What mode do you need to be in to be viewable on Bluetooth?
Ans discoverable mode


4. Does Bluetooth have pin protection?
Ans Yes, Bluetooth have pin protection.


5. What is GPS
Ans This allows us to get very precise Navigation from our devices.


6. Who created GPS first?
Ans US department of defense


7. True or False? There are currently only 5 GPS satellites.
Ans False.


8. How do our phones gather information about where we’re located in the world?
Ans Using GPS 


9. What is MDM?
Ans It is a type of software solution that allows organization to manage and control mobile devices.


10.  One way to manage all the mobile device being used by your organization.
Ans


11.  What is BYOD?
Ans One way to manage all the the mobile device being used by our organization.


12.  What is an advantage of using MDM?
Ans


13.  If the manager wants to ensure that certain applications are installed, the data is protected, or that certain capabilities of the phone are enabled or disabled, such as the camera, you can do all of that using?
Ans You can do all of that using MDM.


14.  You can use the MDM to manage the type of access control that’s being used on a mobile phone. True or False?
Ans True.


15.  Can MDM improve security?
Ans Yes, MDM can improve security.


16.  The MDM can also be used to prevent certain applications from being installed? True or False?
Ans True.


17.  If our phone can hear the signals coming from at least how many satellites so that we can get very precise information?  
Ans,  4 satellites
18.  Our phones can calculate where we happen to be based on timing differences from all these different satellites. True or False?
Ans True.


19.  Best way to connect external devices wirelessly to a device?
Ans Bluetooth


20. The first step in the pairing process is making sure:
      Ans Bluetooth is discoverable