DV129_2_PAS On Laptop Hardware
Self-Assessment Sheet




1. What does it mean to be modular? 
Ans It can be easily assembled, disassembled, replaced, or modified.


What type of battery technology do we use today?
Ans  lithium ion or lithium-ion polymer


2. What happens each time you charge a battery?
Ans The capacity of the battery will bit decrease 


3. What is one advantage to using a modular battery configuration?
Ans unplug and reconnect those batteries to your laptop.


4. True or False? lithium-ion batteries are designed to be 80 percent charged. 
Ans False


5. True or False? In lithium-ion batteries, discharging some of the battery and charging it back up again you have to worry about causing a effect on memory or limiting the amount of capacity that battery might have.
Ans False


6. Where are all the programs that are executing in your operating system executing?
Ans Memory


7. What does SO-DIMM stand for?
Ans  small outline dual in-line memory module
 
8. Where is SO-DIMM usually used?
Ans  To increase memory


9.  Are you able to change/upgrade memory for a device that has it soldered to the motherboard?
Ans  No


10.  In what form do older laptops have storage in?
Ans  HDD
 


11.  In what form do new laptops have storage?
Ans  SSD


12.  What is one advantage of SSD?
Ans One major advantage of SSD over HDD is their significantly faster performance.
13.  What is one way you can migrate from a hard drive to an SSD
      Ans  create image
14.  What are some types of authentications?
Ans  Biometrics, Password, Face recognition


15.  What is one disadvantage of a laptop keyboard?
Ans  don’t have enough room for a numeric keypad on the right side


16.  What is NFC?
AnsNFC stands for near-field communication. it is a short-range wireless communication technology.
17.  What does NFC allow you to do?
Ans It allows you to exchange data 


18.  Is m.2 a modular setup?
Ans yes, m.2 is modular setup


19. M.2 interface on an SSD drive is larger than a traditional SATA-connected SSD? True or False?
Ans  False.