DV129_PAS On Mobile Device Configuration
Self-Assessment Sheet


1. What is Microsoft cloud-based services called?
Ans Microsoft 365


2. What is apples cloud service called?
Ans I cloud


3. What is an advantage to using iCloud?
Ans You can backup Data in the Icloud


4. On iCloud are you able to select what you want synchronized?
Ans: Photos, Mails, Calendar, Contact, Notes.


5.  Is iCloud used for backups?
     Ans  Yes.


6. Can you use iCloud with Microsoft?
Ans No.


7. There are limited synchronization options for iCloud. True or False?
Ans False.
 
8. If you lose your iPhone, how can you access your data and is it backed up?
Ans  Just login into Icloud in you new device.


9. With Microsoft 365, you can only synchronize the email between your mobile device and other email systems you use. True or False?
Ans False.


10.  What is outlook a part of?
Ans Microsoft 365.


11.  Can you sync your calendars across all devices using Microsoft 365?
Ans Yes.


12.  If you’re running your own exchange servers, what service are you using?
Ans Microsoft exchange server.


13. Is there a way if you create a note on your mobile phone, the note automatically appears on Microsoft 365 on your desktop and vice versa?
Ans Yes,there is a way to have notes created on your mobile phone automatically appear on Microsoft 365 on your desktop and vice versa.
14.  To connect to iCloud, you would use your iCloud.
Ans Icloud username and password.


15. Where can you access your iCloud settings?
Ans On your iphone, ipad, mac 
 
16.  There are extensive configuration settings for iCloud, but you can’t control exactly what data is synchronized. True or False?
Ans False.


17.  You can use iCloud to sync your emails across all your IOS devices. True or False?
Ans True.


18.  Can configure the system to allow cellular transfers or only allow transfers over faster 802.11 networks?
Ans Yes, you can.


19. You can enable and disable different network connections or control the use of exactly how you download when you’re on a cellular network. True or False?
Ans True.


20.  Using cellular networks, you can’t download files. True and False and explain?
       Ans. False, You can set exactly how much data can be transferred over that cellular network.